Dolog ret (#50)
SpecialeBajs/speciale-rapport: article/Introduction/introduction.tex

Doing this achieved state-of-the-art performance, as they showed that feature transformation and activation functions were not beneficial for recommendation \cite{lightgcn}.
\\
One of the major components of GCN's is the layer combination.

> GCN's start with a user-item graph and conducts convolutions on the graph to create additional layers. % Denne sætning var Dolog lidt utilfreds med tidligere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GCN's start with a user-item graph and performs convolutions on the graph to create additional embeddings for each layer. % Denne sætning var Dolog lidt utilfreds med tidligere.
```
